Docs: Convert Extending and Answers chapters (#4751)
geodynamics/aspect: doc/sphinx/user/extending/idea-of-plugins.md

The most common modification you will probably want to do to
ASPECT are to switch to a different material model
(i.e., have different values of functional dependencies for the coefficients
$\eta,\rho,C_p, \ldots$ discussed in {ref}`sec:methods:coefficients`);
change the geometry; change the direction and magnitude of the gravity vector
$\mathbf g$; or change the initial and boundary conditions.

To make this as simple as possible, all of these parts of the program (and
some more) have been separated into what we call *plugins* that can be
replaced quickly and where it is simple to add a new implementation and make
it available to the rest of the program and the input parameter file. There
are *a lot* of plugins already, see {numref}`fig:plugins`, that will often be useful
starting points and examples if you want to implement plugins yourself.

```{figure-md} fig:plugins

> <img src="../../../manual/plugin_graph.*" alt="The graph of all current plugins of ASPECT. The yellow octagon and square represent the `Simulator` and [SimulatorAccess](doc/doxygen/classaspect_1_1SimulatorAccess.html) classes. The green boxes are interface classes for everything that can be changed by plugins. Blue circles correspond to plugins that implement particular behavior. The graph is of course too large to allow reading individual plugin names (unless you zoom far into the page), but is intended to illustrate the architecture of ASPECT."  width="95%"/>

Reviewer: do you want to move this over into the new place `images/plugin_graph` already?

    Here, the first argument to the macro is the name of the class. The second
    is the name by which this model can be selected in the parameter file. And
    the third one is a documentation string that describes the purpose of the

>     class (see, for example, {ref}`sec:3.55` for an example of how

Reviewer: this is probably a different reference now? I think it is:
```suggestion
    class (see, for example, {ref}`parameters:Gravity_20model` for an example of how
```

    existing models describe themselves).

>     :::{admonition} TODO
>     :class: error
> 
>     {ref}`sec:3.55` refers to a parameter file; these have not yet been set up
>     :::
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
